---
layout: page
title: About Us
description: About Restoring Pride
image: https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/32145870/200220560-b0127877-0e9a-44af-acda-5cf6e93285bf.png
tags: ["about"]
date: 2022-11-07
---

## Our vision...

To see an end to chronic homeless once and for all.&nbsp; Where all members of the LGBTQ community have unrestricted access to stable housing as well as the services needed to become self-sufficient once again.

Founded in 2019, Restoring Pride stands out among the services available today. &nbsp;Clients are back in control during their recovery.&nbsp; We cannot force recovery on someone and expect it work in the long term.

## Our Guiding Philosophy

**This is a problem worth solving.** Too many valuable lives are being wasted. Homelessness caused by addiction is increasing in the LGBTQ community, a direct result of the use of drugs like crystal meth. Many of them, our friends and family. They spend all their waking hours, every day trying to find a safe place to sleep. Combating that homelessness by providing safe, stable transitional housing provides these members of the LGBTQ community their chance to start anew.

*Our approach is built on personal experience*. You cannot craft a solution to a problem without truly understanding the issues at hand. We have that experience at *Restoring Pride*. Our co-founders have been homeless and suffered from addiction and from that experience have a deep understanding of the kind of approach that works and a unique understanding of what we must do.

**We are building an innovative solution that hasn’t been tried.**  We must and we will try new innovative solutions and approaches to addressing this challenge. The old ways aren’t working and we must think and act differently. We are bringing everything together in one place: stable housing along with unrestricted access to the necessary services needed to begin anew. We have seen too many lives wasted by the downward spiral of this epidemic. To stop the spiral, we must think differently, we must innovate yet keeping the ownership and responsibility to each individual resident.

## Our Core Values

* We believe that, although people are fallible and we make mistakes, every person has the right to be truly happy, no matter what happiness looks like to them and stability is the cornerstone to being happy in life.
* We believe that homelessness among members of the LGBTQ community, fueled by addiction to crystal meth and other drugs, is the worst epidemic to strike our community since the AIDS crisis of the 1980s.
* We believe the LGBTQ community must take responsibility for this epidemic and cease ignoring the problem and marginalizing this segment of our community.

    We believe every person has the right to be truly happy, no matter what happiness looks like to them, and to start their lives anew.

* We believe that every person who identifies as LGBTQ and is homeless, deserves as many chances as it takes to begin anew, with no questions asked.
* We believe that the first step to beginning anew is the acquisition of safe, stable housing.  
* We believe that drug rehabilitation is critical but only when the individual is ready and that sobriety should not be a barrier to acquiring safe, stable housing.
* We believe it must be the goal of each resident, following completion of this program, to successfully transition themselves back into the community as a self-sufficient contributing adult.
* We believe every resident has a right to refuse medical care and/or treatment if they choose to and are physically capable of making that choice.
* We believe in and are committed to offering a foundation of mental/physical health as well as other social services to each resident.
* We believe it is the responsibility of each resident to determine and seek out any and all additional needs or specific problem areas that builds on their individual treatment plans.
* Become a part of our community of supporters by joining our email list, sign up for our volunteer opportunities list, or <a href="https://restoringpride.org/donate/">donate today</a> by visiting our donation page.
